OSDOCS-4569 CIT: Add pre-install explanation of optional OCP capabilities (#52965)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/selecting-cluster-capabilities.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *installing/cluster-capabilities.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="selecting-cluster-capabilities_{context}"]
= Selecting cluster capabilities
You can select cluster capabilities by following one of the installation methods that allow you to customize your cluster, such as "Installing a cluster on AWS with customizations" or "Installing a cluster on GCP with customizations". 

> During those installations, you create an `install-config.yaml` file that contains the configuration parameters for your cluster. You can use the following configuration parameters to select cluster capabilities:

Reviewer: Just an idea, but WDYT of the following?
```suggestion
During a customized installation, you create an `install-config.yaml` file that contains the configuration parameters for your cluster. You can use the following configuration parameters to select cluster capabilities:
```

Author: I like it. thanks

[source,yaml]
----
capabilities:
  baselineCapabilitySet: vCurrent <1>
  additionalEnabledCapabilities: <2>

>   - openshift-samples

Reviewer 2: Hmm, is it a good example? I mean it technically works but when we set baseline to `vCurrent`, setting additionalEnabledCapabilities seems to be redundant. WDYT?

Reviewer 3: +1, refer to good example in [openshift-docs#52341](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/52341/files#diff-a9762e41a395b4426649be01574f780133fafd2472bb5fb0002f227985232565R112-R118) where wking suggested, it might make more sense?

Author: Good point, I will use the example from that PR (except I will include Console and exclude Insights in the example because if people copy and paste it, it could be a problem if they install without a web console)

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // *installing/cluster-capabilities.adoc

Reviewer 4: Nit: space after `*`

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="selecting-cluster-capabilities_{context}"]
= Selecting cluster capabilities

> You can select cluster capabilities by following one of the installation methods that allow you to customize your cluster, such as "Installing a cluster on AWS with customizations" or "Installing a cluster on GCP with customizations". 

Reviewer 4: Pondering IBMSG's guidance about avoiding "allow". Maybe:

s/that allow you to customize your cluster/that include cluster customizations/
